Add Internal Stack Overflow section (#280)
niteoweb/handbook: 2_Operations/apps.md

* Up to 143 characters for filenames: We use Synology NAS devices to act as always-online peers. The data on these devices is stored on encrypted volumes. These volumes have a limit of up to 143 characters filenames.
* No sharing files with anyone that does not have Resilio installed.
* Syncing speeds to people outside of Europe is not great, since the vast majority of peers (including always online peers Somnus and Morpheus) are located in Europe.

## Internal Stack Overflow

> We use Internal Stack Overflow for knowledge management. Its always a good idea to search for the questions you have, in internal stack overflow before posting it on slack/issues/PR's, so that your time and other Niteans time is saved. All the questions related to the company, projects, technical can be searched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use Internal Stack Overflow for knowledge management. It's always a good idea to search for the questions you have on the internal Stack Overflow before posting it on Slack/issues/PRs, so that your time and other Niteans' time are saved. All the questions related to the company, projects, and technical can be searched.
```

### Usage:
#### Search:

> To search for a topic you can either visit our [Internal Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/c/niteo/questions) or you can search in slack `/stack search <keywords>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To search for a topic, you can either visit our [Internal Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/c/niteo/questions) or you can search in Slack `/stack search <keywords>`.
```

Example:
`/stack search good resources to learn nix` will give results of all the relevent questions.

#### Post a Question

> Before posting a question, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before posting a question:
```

> * Make sure that there are no other similar questions in [Internal Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/c/niteo/questions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure that there are no other similar questions on the [Internal Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/c/niteo/questions).
```

* Make sure that you are not posting any private or personal questions which are not relevant to the company.

> To post a question you can either visit [Internal Stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/c/niteo/questions/ask) or ask the stack overflow bot in slack to make a draft of the question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To post a question, you can either visit [Internal Stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/c/niteo/questions/ask) or ask the Stack Overflow bot in Slack to make a draft of the question.
```

> To make a draft of the question in slack, click on the `actions` button on message you want to post and choose `Ask on the teams`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a draft of the question in Slack, click on the `actions` button on the message you want to post and choose `Ask on the teams`.
```
